
show me product on sale #show me discount products

What is the discount on the Dell XPS 13 laptop

Do you have headphones below price $300

I want to see apple tablets

show me cheapest mouse

What is the price of Apple Airpods

show me smartphone

Show me wireless earbuds

show me mouse

What are your most comfortable bed sheets?
Do you have any memory foam mattresses?
What kind of rugs do you sell?
Can I see your selection of ergonomic office chairs?
Do you have Japanese pillows available?
Are there any stylish backpacks in your store?
Specific Product Queries:
Is your 'Sakura Blossom Leather Handbag' available in different colors?
What are the features of your 'Adjustable Standing Desk'?
Can I get information on the 'Mochi Backpack'?
Do you have any pet food suitable for dogs with sensitive stomachs?
Do you sell any cat food with added vitamins?
Tell me more about the 'Greenies Dental Dog Treats'.
Pricing and Discounts:
How much is the 'Thermal Wool Socks 3-Pair Pack'?
Are there any current promotions on your winter jackets?
What’s the price of the 'Luxury Gift Card Holder with Ribbon'?
Availability and Stock:
Do you have the 'Tokyo Weekend Duffel Bag' in stock?
How many units of 'Hokkaido Rolling Suitcase' do you have?
Is the 'Classic Messenger Bag' still available?
Are there any 'Women's Fleece Lined Winter Jackets' left?
Material and Quality Queries:
What material is the 'Handwoven Wool Shawl' made from?
Is your 'Memory Foam Mattress' hypoallergenic?
Do your 'Thermal Wool Socks' have any special properties?
Usage and Recommendations:
Which bag would you recommend for a weekend trip?
`What kind of dog food do you suggest for adult dogs?`
Can I use the 'Compact Japanese Pouch' for makeup?
Do you have any winter clothes suitable for children?
Gift and Seasonal Questions:
What gift items are suitable for the holiday season?
Do you have any 'Gift Ribbons' for wrapping presents?
Can you suggest a good 'Gift Bag' for a birthday gift?
Are there any gift sets with a holiday theme?
Functionality and Features:
Does the 'Adjustable Standing Desk' have a height adjustment feature?
What kind of support does the 'Japanese Buckwheat Pillow' provide?
Are your 'Laptop Bags' waterproof?
Do any of your 'Winter Jackets' come with insulated lining?
Style and Trends:
Which bags are the most stylish for everyday use?
What’s the latest trend in 'Handbags'?
Do you have any 'Crossbody Bags' that are lightweight and convenient?
Product Images and Links:
Can I see a picture of the 'Sakura Leather Handbag'?
Where can I find the 'Mochi Backpack' online?
Can you show me images of the 'Luxury Gift Card Holder with Ribbon'?